[Music]
Hey my beloved audiences Welcome
to the nuclear dump let's see what's
on the menu today today everything revolves around
ibai and Therefore let's start with his
evening wc with his theoretical low he marked
a clickbait clickbait that dad
took advantage of this we saw it okay what I
want to see what about naster what I want to
see the Doo of nisas Yeah I know that kocu
was saying that yes I saw it around there that
kocu was saying that he would fight
again if wescol fell But well it
was a bait it was a bait man wow what
wescol and gref are giving too
with the proposals I mean if they keep
proposing in the end they're going to propose
changing contestants damn let's see and what
happened with nissaxter with our
nisa there we have it now let's
listen to it what we do how much do you weigh
now 73 the point of this video my
people we went from ibai's evening to
ibai and since I don't have a [ __ ] clue about LOL I'm
going to simplify it nor did he tell him bad
there playing
careful But
well one-armed one-armed one-armed one-armed one-armed
dead weight Look you have teleporno
yes yes no yes I have it what n makes me
laugh a
lot dude I mean it makes me laugh a lot dude I don't know how to explain
why but I like her she translates tenderness to me
too but it's that at the same time it makes me
laugh a lot because it's like they
[ __ ] on everyone's dead they insult
everyone lolera I don't know that's embarrassing no that she's
lolera it's embarrassing fera Get
out chavi chavi
get out later she answered very hard well it
's the summary of life gentlemen
crazy it's that b seems like someone else crazy It's that it's that b is
someone else it's his me let's
see I'm that nisa me I'm fond of her I'll
tell you the truth I'm fond of her because she
's these people that you like a lot I do
n't know I like her a lot and I have
affection for her I've known her for a long time she
follows us for a long time also she has
always had very nice words
for me I don't know every time that every time we have
asked her to come she has come she has
come a couple of times eh I like her
a lot  I like her a lot but she plays
LoL but she plays LoL I don't know 12 hours
a day LoL and and this happens to her I mean it's
tremendous I mean not even saster thank goodness she
plays you Because if it depended on you you would
have zero victories in life in
general I mean no in LoL you would have zero
victories in general but she has many
spectators no no no she is without a doubt she
is not without a doubt although she is also very cute eh I
mean I see her pretty well she has her she has
her charm but but this is a
joke I don't understand chick quite
malicious of i I know are deo no I mean these are
things of the game no grandpa can you
congratulate me that I passed two four subjects
of the last year Today I congratulate you But what
happened to the other two are
pending hailey hailey I learned to
pronounce your name thanks to the
principal's videos eh hailey yv is
2 kilos away from looking like aoer Hey but no no
but it's very good yv eh It's very good
yv I'm very happy for her change
honestly that  it takes a lot of work eh it
takes a lot a lot of work you don't
realize until you're not
trying eh Making an effort also in
training and so on Look, now that I'm
so busy because for example this
week I'm full or rather this week I have
the square grid agenda
fitted together as if it were Tetri okay today
what I had I'll tell you the afternoon today eh
eye eh today I had to record a Well
apart from in the morning the things that
the children do and so on okay I'll
pick them up from school when we're already
home I had to sit here at the
desk okay eat here at the
desk a roast chicken that I
ordered and and read here the script 70 80
pages I don't remember how many it was Hi
old man Good night a kiss what is the
video of the main character that you're going to have well
I hope that in a while while we are
here live okay
Ray surely I have
n't had time to record the main character's video
Because it was 2 hours of Bruto it was 2
hours of Bruto I haven't had time to
record the whole thing I had to go to the
gym at 5 in the  late and when I
got back to record the other half
just in time because I had an appointment at 8 with
you for the live show that you had
on the main channel, well that
exact time is like very low the microphone yes not just enough
time to go take my
father eh the dog Tyrion because he
wanted some and my father was the only one who
had it no joke joke because because he
kept it this weekend when I'm going to
the beach Eh so I don't have any other
time tomorrow or the day after to take
it to him and I had an hour today to
take it to him I went I took the dog to him he
smoked a joint and came back okay at
8 boom with you I had 10
minutes left to shower really fast I
showered boom your yupa okay in fact I
arrived 5 minutes late done the live show
with you and then I had just enough time to
finish preparing with the help of
luar and Lili the telesalseo live show
and the SEO live show and here we are and
here we are okay Tomorrow
I have almost the entire afternoon taken because on
Thursdays already  You know I have the
kids' extracurricular activities, I don't know what, I do
n't know how much, and in the meantime I have to figure out
how the hell I'm going to prepare tomorrow, how the hell am I
going to prepare tomorrow, uh, the awesome program
that we have at night on the main page, we have
an
awesome program with Trium and with Miriam Moya,
especially the topic is going to be about Marta del
Castillo but we're going to go over it in a
very in-depth way, some points that we
didn't go over last week because
Miriam's book is coming out. On Friday we
're going to have Manuel Lerta, the head of
the former technology company that tracked
Carcao's phone, and we're going to have
a lawyer to tell us some
possibilities about the still
pending case, okay, so tomorrow I think she's going to
create a super interesting program,
what do I have to prepare for, apart from that,
that's at 10:30 at night, okay,
well, before, before going to bed, I have to get
ready because on Friday
before going to the beach, I get up in
the morning to record with Fran, uh, and with
the guest, the podcast that we have scheduled for
Friday morning and as soon as I
finish, smoke  and I'm really sending you to [ __ ] off I
mean I'm sending you to [ __ ] off
because I don't even know how many days I've
gone without a day off one day
off okay then I'm at the beach
and wismichu will catch him and hit
my father with a bottle and I'll have to
send the dog to him and suddenly
something will escape and I mean some video will
fall with the cell phone you'll see some
video will fall but I'm sending you to [ __ ] off
eh I mean literally I don't even know
and I'll want it tomorrow apart from all that I'll
want it tomorrow and I'll do it and you'll see
that I will do it I'll want it tomorrow to square up
straight from the salsera and straight from
telesalseo because Juan Jos got
into me today on Twitter I have to
tell him something tomorrow okay I mean crazy crazy crazy
Beyond the game in
life in general I mean no no in LoL you have
zero victories in general a guard here
eh Dani you see it In life in general
as if I were useless in all
aspects notice context back
focusing solely on the game 12
hours a day LoL and that is
naster thank goodness he tracks you
Because if it depended on you you would have zero
wins in life with
him literally the ibai is
telling me I'm bad all the time and that if I
depend on the others that if I depend on the
others crazy you told him not to play
and you didn't want to play a rematch
against us you preferred to play the
rematch against the millor because you know
that we humiliated you crazy come on
suck it Crazy we are playing First time
with this Team We have not played a single
game together there is no synergy there is
nothing and now he is putting FL
come on take it up the ass man yes bro I
am very bad but you are not
much better than me [ __ ] dude
real guy then IV soften a little
monaster man I really like you They
catch you you call me one-handed one-handed one-handed
Quiz with evar Well what am I going to tell you
because you can't play they haven't
played it the first time either the chat turns you go on
vacation every 15 days  Good thing you've been
working the last few weeks, what's going on,
but the last few weeks, you sons of [ __ ], I don't
even know how long it's been since I last took
a day off and I probably won't do it when
I feel like it. Okay, I'm going to try. Okay, I'm going to
try, but but it's been I don't even know how
long since I last took a [ __ ] day, uh,
a [ __ ] day the other day I'm really sick,
uh, the other day I went to a
christening and I came back from the christening and since I
wasn't purple I stood here, I mean, it's [ __ ]
crazy. Uh, my illness with
work, uh, There's enough content
for you to worry, well, Lili's going to
be over there in charge of the
extracts and the videos and over here I
think I'd also love to upload
another video on the main channel, but I'm
not going to be able to
square that off. Uh, yeah, I'll definitely take
Saturday off, really. Of course, because on
Friday, you know, in reality, I'm going to
rest on Saturday. Because on Friday
morning, I'm going to record the live show
that you're going to see on Sunday, and then on
Sunday night, I'll have the
telesalseo thing.  and I'll come here I'm
sick That's it, don't pass me by crazy and I
continue minimizing the words
guys guys in the chat You're
going crazy gentlemen
you're really crazy in the chat gentlemen I
said it as a joke What person have I
told den naster that has never won
a game I was joking guys yes he has
won games but you're really
crazy I mean but what do you
want me to tell you guys I mean I mean you
send me a clip he calls me one-handed one-handed one-handed dead dead
dead I tell him you have never
won anything in your life My God he
got angry because gentlemen in the head I just
don't understand it I don't see any clip
of her or what she says or anything I'm
joking
gentlemen but what is this I mean he sends me
a clip of a girl calling me dead and one-handed
and I tell her you have never won anything
in your life and you tell me this you've passed
gentlemen but are you crazy or what My God
of my life I'm crazy what a pain in the ass
you nothing in your life  but
leaving aside the giant LoL that
stopped being noble in life in general, I
mean no no in LoL you have zero
victories in general here eh Dani you see
and that is an attack that goes more to the
personal level than to the Gamer issue to
finish nter lowered his head a little
and I don't know self-esteem left the chat let yourself
be humiliated by his boss humiliated humiliated humiliated
humiliated when I
played with my team we made them 3-0 and
then the last game they trolled and the
game they trolled they didn't stop
beating their chests saying
[ __ ] How bad are these guys that don't
play 5 hours a day they must have
told me that I'm a bad [ __ ] They are
trolling to let you win and not
cry get a cold and now come on and
throw [ __ ] at me that I am
[ __ ] that I have already realized dude
I'm going to the mirror All the [ __ ] days
that have passed crazy to see if they defend you
from W she bullies herself eh the q
kic me no don't stop [ __ ] me stop
[ __ ] me in literally what
his own chat does every day okay hey
ibai's weight loss is
inversely proportional to the bad
temper or was it always like that but and my
juicy audience what do you think of all this
see you tomorrow then or never again I
thought I was stronger eh I thought I
was stronger the gossip was like Ah
Wait there's something else there has been B
eh Where where was it Ah no no no it's
especially dema I thought I was stronger I mean I
saw it yesterday like super mega viral
himo and I thought I was like stronger
eh Let's see around here on Twitter some
gossip that we haven't mentioned
soc initiative okay if you want to collaborate
with the soc initiative you only have to
follow me on Instagram on Twitter and
in the WhatsApp group you're on all
three you're all on all three by the way
on Instagram dude they deleted This they
deleted this post dude
for being very [ __ ] JP that girl has a
little low self-esteem a kiss a kiss
Hey but they deleted it because
Juanjo's thing was very [ __ ]  We'll talk about it tomorrow.
Tomorrow I'll look for the space, okay to
[Music]
talk about it and